






Queen of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Queen of Pentacles
Abundance · Financial help · Practicality · Prosperity · Wealth


 Queen of Pentacles Tarot card



Queen of Pentacles's Meaning
The Queen is a card steeped in the tradition of family, and reflects a person, usually a woman, who is financially adroit, and possess a very pragmatic, practical, nature. This person will come to your aid in some financial matter, most likely advice on how to better manage your money.


Past
You will be granted the opportunity to create a secure environment by the talents you have been developing. The help you give and continue to give to those in need will be a significant source of fulfillment.
Present
A feminine influence in your life will give you some practical advice. This advice will help you create abundant prosperity.
Future
Effectively utilizing your talents will lead you to financial success. Keep in mind your more practical behaviours and prosperity will find you.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Queen of Pentacles is a practical, organized, and reliable multi-tasker. She brings with her abundance and wealth but also requires an ability to love yourself and be unafraid of the change or journey that could lie ahead in order to achieve your goals. This card definitely points to yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Sagittarius & Capricorn
Key dates: December 13 to January 9
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








