






The Hanged Man Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










The Hanged Man
A period of transition · Gaining for a sacrifice · Suspending · Restricting · Discontinued


 The Hanged Man Tarot card



The Hanged Man's Meaning
The Hanged Man can be interpreted in two very different ways. All change is a small kind of death, as the old must die to create the new, and it may simply indicate upheaval or change in your future, perhaps beyond your control, but more likely a decision that, for good or ill, you will not be able to turn back from. The other interpretation is one of sacrifice, although whether this sacrifice is small or great may not be easily interpreted. Both interpretations imply permanence, and that you should give very careful thought to the decisions in your life. 


Past
Letting go of some things from your past has brought new value to your spiritual life. That which you sacrificed must be seen in a new way.
Present
If there is something being rushed, this may suggest that it is going to pause. Keep in mind that the act of giving help is not more important than the person being helped.
Future
Many things are unknown to you now, so you must make new goals and plan carefully. Acting at the right moment will get you ahead.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Hanged Man suggests some sort of metamorphosis through breaking patterns, letting go, or going through a period of transition. Although it could indicate having to give something up in order to gain a fresh perspective, it has neither positive or negative connotations. Maybe is the answer.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Neptune
No key dates: ruled by Neptune
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








