






Seven of Swords Tarot Card Meaning!
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Seven of Swords
Avoiding confrontation · Failure · Incomplete · Theft · Unknown opponents


 Seven of Swords Tarot card



Seven of Swords's Meaning
Another card which indicates forces opposing you, the VII of Swords points to there being a single source of your frustration. This is both positive, in that you may be able to identify that source and change your circumstances, and negative, in that this source may well be aware of you and deliberately sabotaging you. The road to your success does not lie in direct confrontation, however, but instead in guile. Instead of attacking the obstacles raised against you, find ways around them.


Past
It may be time to put some of your projects on the back burner in order to give more attention to more pressing issues. The plans you have made are not coming together as nicely as you hoped.
Present
The best way through a recent conflict will be through diplomacy and cleverness. Avoid overt confrontations.
Future
Your success in the future depends on your ability to overcome opposition. The strategy you choose will determine whether you suffer losses or come out ahead. Assessing the opposition will make your actions better informed.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Seven of Swords brings failure as well as obvious pessimism. It suggests the possibility of theft or not living up to your full potential in the future either due to unknown opponents or possibly because of mental procrastination on your part. The answer you are looking for is no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Aquarius
Key dates: February 9 to February 18
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








