






The Devil Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










The Devil
Anger · Jealousy and resentment · Self-delusion · Selfishness · Violence


 The Devil Tarot card



The Devil's Meaning
The Devil is in the business of entrapment. It signifies a situation from which there is no escape, or a road leading to one. Forewarning may let you avoid the trap, or it may not. What sort of trap, and how you might avoid it, depends on where the Devil appears in your spread, and what other cards surround it. This card does not foretell doom, only the need for prudence.


Past
One of the choices you've made was wrong for you. Negative forces are slowing your development.
Present
There is an event beyond your influence that will change your life. It is uncertain whether it is good or bad, but avoid extravagant behavior and be true to yourself.
Future
The time is coming that you will have to find beauty within yourself and stop the projections you are casting on the world. Find the courage to change your life. The course of your life is beyond your knowing, but this awareness will defeat your self-delusions.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Devil is about all things negative. Anger, violence, temptation, fear, and doubt are just some of the terrors associated with this card. It suggests feeling trapped perhaps in an unhealthy relationship, an addiction, or a lie. Without a doubt, this card is telling you no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Capricorn
Key dates: December 22 to January 19
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








