






Six of Cups Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Six of Cups
Apology · Past associations · Reconciliation · Reminiscent · Return


 Six of Cups Tarot card



Six of Cups's Meaning
The VI of Cups is rooted deep in the past, but it is also a card closely bound to your happiness. It suggests that your family, your old friends, perhaps even past lovers, are in the process of adding greatly to the joys in your life. This card may also refer to past efforts, labours of love, and personal projects rewarding you, usually in an emotional sense, rather than financial. 


Past
The past has brought you many rewarding experiences of love and success. Do not linger too long on what is past, and move forward with your achievements.
Present
A reward that is the result of your past actions will come to you presently. By making a new friend or strengthening a relationship, you will find a great amount of commonalities. 
Future
To enhance your future, you must build upon the virtues of your past. It is not enough to have succeeded before, you must improve upon your capabilities. A deeply rooted desire will require some evolution to achieve.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Six of Cups says something by the way of reconciliation and leaving the past behind. It could mean some sort of apology or returning to the past to unlock skeletons from the closet. There is a sense of relief and moving forward with its presence, and the answer you seek is likely yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Scorpio
Key dates: November 3 to November 12
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








