






The Moon Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










The Moon
Be careful · Caution · Confusion · Delusion · Risk


 The Moon Tarot card



The Moon's Meaning
Something in your life is not what it seems. Perhaps a misunderstanding on your part, or a truth you cannot admit to yourself. It may also indicate something important being kept from you by another. This may be a source of worry or depression in your life, and the Moon is a strong indicator that you must rely on your intuition to see through the subterfuge.


Past
Your understanding of a past event may be distorted by your current perceptions. Reflect on your history and make sure the pieces fit together. By eliminating uncertainty, you will find more peace.
Present
There is a challenge approaching, taking the form of either a new creative project or a conflict in a relationship. Your history will reveal the best course of action.
Future
Your imagination will bring you success if your thoughts are coupled with practical action. The struggle to reach your potential may bring about many conflicts in your life, but the results will be beautiful.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Moon is an illusive and confusing card. It suggests the presence of risks, secrets, and some level of mental confusion. It would warn you to take caution and be careful in whatever endeavor you are pursuing in your life. The answer you are seeking is no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Pisces
Key dates: February 19 to March 20
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








