






Two of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Two of Pentacles
Balance · Fluctuating Wealth · Juggling · Prudence · Transfer or Exchange


 Two of Pentacles Tarot card



Two of Pentacles's Meaning
The II is, as always, bound up in the forces of change, and of balance. Like its brothers, the II of Pentacles can mean good or ill, but it as a strong indicator that the status quo will be disrupted. There will be challenges in your future, but your fate is largely in your own hands in the sense that the final outcome depends own how you respond to these challenges. The suit of this card suggests your best outcome is one that can be reached through prudence and careful planning. 


Past
You have been confronted by the difficulty of beginning something new. In order to succeed, you must learn to balance your old practices with your new.
Present
A change for the better will arrive via communicated information. You will receive some prudent counsel on the best course through your fluctuating states.
Future
Determining your most valuable strengths can help you create opportunities for yourself. There is a road out of your ambivalence if you think to find it.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Two of Pentacles shows movement, balance, and growth through change. It suggests possibilities of fluctuating wealth that will likely require some sort of juggling act and will bring with it both ups and downs. The workload will be heavy, and there is no clear answer provided by the presence of this card.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Capricorn
Key dates: December 22 to December 30
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








