






King of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










King of Swords
A Mature, authoritative man · Assertive · Authority · Government / Legal · Leadership


 King of Swords Tarot card



King of Swords's Meaning
The King of Swords represents the professional aspects of authority. Often associated with those in legal or business careers, he most likely represents someone who will aid you in one of these fields. This person may be assertive, or even seek to dominate you in their confidence that they know how best to aid you. While they may be friendly, their primary motivation is unlikely to be emotional.


Past
Your strength lies in your intellect. Looking ahead and taking authority into account will lead you to turn your collection of good ideas into reality.
Present
A figure of authority may help you set your plans in motion. 
Future
There is opposition to your ultimate goals. Guile and your superior intellect will lead you past this destructive barrier. You will find fulfillment in organizing those around you as a leader.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The King of Swords is an assertive, professional, decision maker with high intellect and a knack for leadership. He represents big decisions to come and a need to take control and set boundaries while making firm commitments to your goals. This card provides no clear answer, maybe at best.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Capricorn & Aquarius
Key dates: January 10 to February 8
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








