






Five of Cups Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Five of Cups
Avoidance · Detachment · Loss · New hope · Regret


 Five of Cups Tarot card



Five of Cups's Meaning
This card is a dark omen. Like the rest of its suit, it is bound your emotions, and it brings with it a warning of loss and disappointment. Expect a setback in your life, almost certainly emotional. While this may be emotional, it may be a project or goal you are particularly invested in, emotionally. In certain positions it might also refer to events of the past which continue to cause regret or heartache. The only solution is optimism; this too shall pass.


Past
The urge to try something new is a result of a disappointment or dissatisfaction you have experienced. Your current sadness is an expression of these failed expectations.
Present
Explore any alternatives paths that you discover. But if you avoiding the truth, it will be difficult to create any sustainable satisfaction.
Future
An error on your part will lead you to a regretful situation. Be ready to repair the damage you have caused and more importantly, to forgive yourself.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Five of Cups is a regretful card full of sadness, loss, and despondency. It could be a sign of not appreciating what you have in life or possibly avoidance of something yet to come. The disappointment and discontent associated with this card provide an answer of no to your question.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Scorpio
Key dates: October 23 to November 2
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








