






Eight of Pentacles Tarot Card - Meaning, timing, & more!















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Eight of Pentacles
Apprentice · Career · Craftsmanship · New skills · Prudence


 Eight of Pentacles Tarot card



Eight of Pentacles's Meaning
If you are involved in any work requiring creative inspiration or craftsmanship, the VIII of Pentacles is a very positive card. This is doubly true if you are using skills you are still trying to master. This is as likely to be a hobby as your primary work. Unlike most of the suit, financial gain is not necessarily indicated, but a spiritual reward is. This is also not a guarantee, but rather a suggestion that if you are prudent and organized in your attempt, success is the likelier outcome. 


Past
The skills you are mastering will lead you to success down the road. Continue developing and you will reach a moment of epiphany.
Present
By developing your talents, you will find success in your efforts. Investing in yourself now will lead to greater rewards later.
Future
The future holds a successful career or spiritual endeavour for you. The amount of acclaim you receive will depend on the amount of time you have spent determining and mastering your skills.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Eight of Pentacles is a card suggesting an improvement of skills and studiousness. It shows a desirable career and acquiring new skills just ahead as long as you use discretion and take a balanced approach. The outlook from this card is positive. Yes is your answer.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Virgo
Key dates: August 23 to September 1
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








