






Temperance Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Temperance
Capable · Control · Harmony and balance · Moderation (drugs / alcohol) · Self-confidence


 Temperance Tarot card



Temperance's Meaning
An optimistic card, Temperance encourages you to find balance in your life and approach problems with a calm demeanour. It recognizes that opposing forces need not be at war within you. Tread carefully in any major decisions you make, with confidence that good decisions will lead to a good resolution for you. 


Past
The experiences you've had learning to work in harmony with others will be an ongoing trend. Balancing the material and psychic elements in your life has deeply influenced you.
Present
Something you have long desired will come to fruition. Expect a wealthy partnership or marriage to develop in your immediate social circle.
Future
Take control of your life and practice moderation. By staying in balance, you will resolve any current conflicts and begin a new chapter in your life. 
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Temperance card suggests divine intervention, balance, and harmony. The positive overall presence of this card in your spread reveals high levels of self-confidence and control in your endeavors. The answer provided by this card is most likely yes. 
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Sagittarius
Key dates: November 23 to December 21
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








