






Three of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Three of Swords
Fresh beginning · Loss · Pain · Separation · Suffering


 Three of Swords Tarot card



Three of Swords's Meaning
The presence of the III of Swords in your spread suggests significant pain in your life. This pain is likely caused by or the result of conflict, perhaps due to disrupted partnership or friendship. This pain may be part of a new beginning, but you must face your pain honestly to overcome it. 


Past
There is a great emotional or physical pain that you are still nursing. Letting go of accountability may allow you to embrace the opportunity to create something new provided by the recent destruction of something you loved.
Present
You will soon experience an intense emotional upheaval. This period of suffering will lead you to a better future.
Future
The path ahead of you is being cleared to make room for something new. It is your decision how to make use of the opportunities in store.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Three of Swords shows the presence of pain and suffering either through an emotional loss, the end of an important relationship, or heartbreak through separation. The emotional disturbances and mental anguish that come along with this card portray an answer of no to your question.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Libra
Key dates: October 3 to October 12
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








