






Knight of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Knight of Pentacles
Ambitious · Dependable · Faithful · Honourable · Thorough


 Knight of Pentacles Tarot card



Knight of Pentacles's Meaning
The Knight of Pentacles symbolizes the virtues of patience, honour, and dependability, and his presence in your spread may indicate you, too, possess these traits. An alternative traditional view is that he represents a young man, a dependable bearer of good news who will soon enter your life. 


Past
The challenges of your past have set the stage for a promising future. Your dependability and responsible attitude make it a priority for you to do your work to the best of your ability.
Present
You will receive encouragement from a young person. The security you need to pursue your ambitions will arrive.
Future
Follow your routines to produce the best possible results. Through patience and sustained concentration, you can achieve the heights of your loftiest ambitions.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Knight of Pentacles is dependable, honourable, and trustworthy. He has undeniable common sense, incredible determination, and various skills that include exercising patience and being supportive of others. The presence of this card suggests positive things to come to those who remain faithful. The answer you are looking for is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Leo & Virgo
Key dates: August 12 to September 11
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








