






Eight of Cups Tarot Card - Meaning, timing, & more!















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Eight of Cups
Abandonment · Avoiding · Changes in lifestyle · Leaving / Going · Personal development


 Eight of Cups Tarot card



Eight of Cups's Meaning
The VIII suggests that there is stability and security in your life, but at a personal cost. You are probably unfulfilled by your current life. Depending on the rest of your spread, it may be a strong push for you to move on, and find the courage to strike out in a new direction. You will have to look closely at your work, your relationship, and your own beliefs to identify the source of your ennui, and then decide if you are willing to set aside some of your life's stability in order to find happiness. 


Past
Your ability to earn money through determination and hard work will be necessary in the future. Your direction has been uncertain, but your heart tells you to keep seeking. The change you seek can take any form.
Present
You are going to experience something completely new, travelling great distances either in thought or location. There are big changes coming.
Future
Maintain an open mind and every journey that you take will yield life changing results. Personal success and accomplishing your goals will lead you to your greatest joy.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Eight of Cups shows some degree of change happening in your lifestyle. It brings feelings of despondency, indifference, and avoidance. It could indicate a need to give up, leave, or turn away from something in your current life. The melancholy feeling associated with this card suggests no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Pisces
Key dates: February 19 to February 28
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








