






Ace of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Ace of Swords
Achievement · Advantage · Advantage · Mental focus · Victory


 Ace of Swords Tarot card



Ace of Swords's Meaning
 The Ace of Swords is, like all of the Aces, the purest embodiment of its suit. In relation to your personality or your actions it implies a strong element of focus, determination, and an intellectual capacity. It may suggest change through warring forces, possibly internal; conflicts of not necessarily overt reasoning regarding inner consciousness, keep energetic to triumph.


Past
You have fought in the name of good, adding your intense energy to an idealistic cause. The events of the recent past have set unchangeable events in motion.
Present
You are entering a new phase of your life and everything is going to change. The causes and results of the change are not certain, but this period will reveal many things to you.
Future
Putting your creative thought in to action may require some courage, but you will be able to overcome the longest odds if you desire.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Ace of Swords represents victory through having mental strength and achievement. Justice, clarity, and creative thinking are all associated with this card. A brilliant idea could be just around the corner, or perhaps it is some sort of divine inspiration toward creativity. The answer is likely yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
   Libra, Aquarius, Gemini
All Air signs significant
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








