






The Empress Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










The Empress
Abundant creativity · Fertility · Fulfillment · Mother figure · Productivity


 The Empress Tarot card



The Empress's Meaning
Traditionally associated with strong maternal influence, the presence of the Empress is excellent news if you are looking for harmony in your marriage or hoping to start a family. Any artistic endeavours you are currently associated with are also likely to be more successful, as this card often finds those exposed to strong bursts of creative or artistic energy. That creative energy may not be in the form of a painting or art project, however: This card also suggests a very strong possibility of pregnancy -- not necessarily yours, but you might be seeing a new addition to your extended family or the family of a close friend in the near future! This card is a good portent for you and those around you. 


Past
The last opportunity you had is proving its influence now. Whether business, personal, or artistic, a new partnership will require your continued effort to succeed. Remember your most resourceful behaviors, but especially your discipline.
Present
There may be a new beginning unfolding before you and you decided its quality. Be understanding and especially sensitive to the emotional aspects of life. A loved one will need a helping hand or light in the dark. The role is yours to fill, no matter your choice.
Future
The future will bring healing and respite for your emotional and physical wounds. Spending time walking on new paths will be more beneficial than mending bridges. Your investments will pay off if you carefully tend them.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Empress stands for all things motherly. A nurturing, loving problem solver, she indicates successful business ventures or other positive, productive opportunities to come. She suggests moving forward to fulfill your full potential, and the answer you seek is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Venus
No key dates: ruled by Venus
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








