






Nine of Wands Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Nine of Wands
Afraid · Cautious · Defensive · Impermanent Security · Inner strength


 Nine of Wands Tarot card



Nine of Wands's Meaning
The IX of Wands is a bittersweet discovery in your spread, as it suggests both struggles ahead and the capacity within you to overcome them. Your life is probably comfortable at the moment, but there are also likely signs of trouble in some of the less critical aspects of your personal or professional life. Your inner strength will be called upon to maintain the current situation, and then to move forward when progress becomes possible for you. 


Past
The struggles you have already experienced have granted you some stability in the present. By evaluating the reactions of others, your progress has been made smoother but this tactic will not lead to sustainable ease.
Present
Some encouragement from a friend or loved one will help you overcome the challenge you face. 
Future
There are inevitable conflicts approaching in the future, but you can overcome them. In order to succeed, rely on your inner strength and do not sacrifice your values for the sake of short term gains.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Nine of Wands shows determination and courage under fire. However, it also indicates a need for being cautious and defensive in struggles that are yet to come. There is nothing that suggests a more positive or negative outcome in these matters, and thus, the answer is maybe.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Sagittarius
Key dates: December 3 to December 12
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








