






King of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










King of Pentacles
Confident · Reliable · Security · Success · Wealth


 King of Pentacles Tarot card



King of Pentacles's Meaning
The King of Pentacles embodies the mature and dependable aspects of maturity. Anyone represented by this card is tied to success and status. While it may refer to your own characteristics, the Kings most often stand in for other people in your life who can aid you. You can expect this person to value prudence of intelligence, and, if it represents an event, it may be a financial windfall or promotion.


Past
The cautious progress you have been making is leading you towards success. The advice you recently received will be helpful in achieving your goals.
Present
The idealism you have shown has made you confident and reliable, but it may do better to begin focusing on your financial security for a period. Consulting a professional or elder will help protect your efforts.
Future
You have intrinsic abilities in the fields of financial profit and material gain, even if you are not aware of them. The money you earn through your own efforts will bring rewards beyond material gain.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The King of Pentacles is a reliable, confident, self-sufficient individual. He shows signs of success, wealth, and endless personal growth. Attaining your goals will likely require some self-exploration as well as a firm commitment on your part, but the outcome looks positive. Your answer is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Aries & Taurus
Key dates: April 11 to May 10
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








