






Justice Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Justice
Balance · Equality · Fairness · Justice · Law and legal matters


 Justice Tarot card



Justice's Meaning
Justice is a very good card to find in your spread if you have acted with kindness and fairness towards other and, especially, if you have been a victim. It is a significant indicator of a positive resolution, although how and what sort will depend on your own experiences. If you have been unfair, abusive, or otherwise shady and immoral in your dealings, though, pay heed. For the unjust, this card is, at best, a dire warning to change your ways before retribution falls upon you, and, at worst, a simple statement that it is already too late. In neutral cases, it may simply be telling you to seek out balance in your life. 


Past
Balancing your emotions will pay off and bring you harmony in relationships. The confusion of your life can be overcome if you find inner balance.
Present
You wil receive some gift of advice or have a debt repaid to you. 
Future
When all is said and done, you will receive the outcome that you truly deserve. Your moral character will be justified, so maintain integrety and strive to balance yourself.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Justice card is all about karma, fairness, and balance in different affairs in your life. It does not suggest an outcome that is either for or against you, but accountability, dignity, and integrity are all liked to its presence. There is no clear cut answer to your question.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Libra
Key dates: September 23 to October 22
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








