






Queen of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Queen of Swords
A mature, perceptive woman · Independent · Loss · Pain · Separation


 Queen of Swords Tarot card



Queen of Swords's Meaning
The Queen of Swords represents a very perceptive individual, sharp-witted and professionally distant. You will most likely find her to be your aid and counsel, possibly a teacher. Not necessarily female, but likely to be, this person should be trusted and may take an interest in you, but that interest is unlikely to be romantic. A powerful ally, respect her intelligence and you will be rewarded with peerless guidance. 


Past
Your strict idealization of perfection may be causing you stress or pain. By continue to uphold this ideal, you will make it impossible to achieve.
Present
Expect counsel from a sharp witted elder who may be a woman. It is possible to maintain your independence while accepting help from friends.
Future
Do not focus so intensely on your goals, as this may be constricting your ability to achieve them. Rely on your strong spirit to illuminate the bigger picture to you.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Queen of Swords is an analytical, independent problem-solver. She brings with her mental clarity or an end to something troubling in your life but not without a painful loss or separation. She is stoic and astute but gives nothing away as a positive or negative outcome. Maybe is the only answer.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Virgo & Libra
Key dates: September 12 to October 12
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








