






Queen of Wands Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Queen of Wands
Career-oriented · Hard worker · Honest · Independent and home-loving · Thoughtful


 Queen of Wands Tarot card



Queen of Wands's Meaning
The Queen of Wands is associated with an outgoing and friendly personality, indicating you are extroverted but self-contained. An independent streak may contrast with your strong attachment to your close friends and family. Depending on its position in your spread, this card may also refer to someone close to you who you can rely on.


Past
Patience is one of your virtues and it has helped you create comfortable living situations with those around you. You have made wise decisions and this ability to think soundly will help you in the future.
Present
A loving friend will give you helpful advice. This ally may be a woman, but no matter their identity, show gratitude and return the favor.
Future
By following the advice of a close female influence, you will achieve success. Your homelife will be fulfilling and without intense conflicts. You and your loved ones will be content with your environment.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Queen of Wands is a lively, passionate, and independent woman. She suggests a person who is career-oriented and successful. Honest, thoughtful, and confident, the presence of this card shows someone seeking positive self-development, and the answer associate with it is yes. 
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Pisces & Aries
Key dates: March 11 to April 10
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








