






King of Wands Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










King of Wands
Authority figure · Financial gain · Honest and trustworthy · Mediation · Professional


 King of Wands Tarot card



King of Wands's Meaning
The King of Wands may signify an upcoming financial windfall for you. It can also represent an association with a masculine authority figure, a leader and arbitrator. You may find yourself aided in solving a dispute. Be open to the advice of those with more experience than yourself. 


Past
The new ideas that you incorporated in the past are going to open up opportunities in the present. The ideas have given you momentum that inspires and encourages others.
Present
You will succeed if you gain help promoting your ideas. There will be increasing inspiration to help others around you.
Future
The future will bring you success in your professional life. Good investments and prudent spending will outweigh the risks you take and the strong conviction you have shown will grant many opportunities.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The King of Wands is a voracious, determined, and confident authority figure. He represents some sort of expansion, establishment of something in your professional life, or financial gain along with success. He is a positive presence, likely to bring along positive outcomes. The answer is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Cancer & Leo
Key dates: July 12 to August 11
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








