






Ace of Cups Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Ace of Cups
Abundance · Creativity · Intense relationship · Satisfaction · Success


 Ace of Cups Tarot card



Ace of Cups's Meaning
The Ace of Cups signifies the beginning of period of strong emotional health for you. Expect copious joy, happiness, and love to surround you during this time. Existing personal relationships may strengthen, meaningful new ones are likely to form. If marriage is in your future, you are likely to lay the foundations for it during this time.


Past
There have been numerous occasions that prove your creative talent and ability to succeed in your efforts. By being passionate and intensely focused, you have allowed for greater productivity.
Present
Good news is going to bring joy and extreme satisfaction to your life.
Future
The difficulties you face in the future will take a toll on your emotions, but in the end, will bring about abundant joy. Remembering this natural balance will bring you great rewards.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Ace of Cups represents overall satisfaction throughout all different areas of your life. It predicts success and abundance through use of good intuition and creativity. New relationships or possibly a birth or pregnancy could be associated with these positive outlooks. The answer is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
   Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces
All Water signs significant
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








