






Three of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Three of Pentacles
Excellence · Mastery · Satisfaction · Success · Teamwork


 Three of Pentacles Tarot card



Three of Pentacles's Meaning
If you can maintain a clear sense of purpose over the coming months, you are well positioned to see you hard work get the recognition it deserves. It is not guaranteed, but if you maintain your own pace, and it may tax your interpersonal skills, as you will need to rely and trust on others for the best outcome. That outcome will be worth your determination, however, not only providing material reward, but leading to a sense of lasting accomplishment.


Past
The time you have spent mastering your abilities has been a smart investment. Your confidence has grown and if you continue to nurture this self-assurance, you will succeed.
Present
The object of your present focus is due for expansion and elaboration. Your peers may be a useful tool to help you complete your goals.
Future
Your inner satisfaction demands a pursuit of excellence and a mastery of your craft.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Three of Pentacles is a card representing excellence and success. These things could be acquired through productive teamwork or being industrious. It relates directly to being a master of your trade and great career accomplishments. The answer to your question is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Capricorn
Key dates: December 31 to January 9
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








