






Three of Cups Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Three of Cups
Abundance · Celebration · Creativity · Entertainment · Gathering


 Three of Cups Tarot card



Three of Cups's Meaning
This card is both a portent of celebration and cause for it. It tells of great happiness in the future for you, and not of the passing kind, but secure joy which will last and be shared with those around you. Commonly associated with the completion of a meaningful project, or, even more likely, a birth.


Past
Long dormant talents are beginning to influence your life and the work you have done is beginning to influence your future. You may find richer rewards by investigating more experiences than you have previously.
Present
There is abundant energy gathering around this moment that signifies you are approaching a new phase of life. 
Future
The desire to help other people will factor greatly into your considerations and you will take a greater joy in a significant role among your community. A full life lies ahead of you, to be celebrated by the ones who love you.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Three of Cups brings with it an abundance of love and joy. It suggests happy gatherings or celebrations and success in various aspects of your life. It is associated with loving celebrations and close relationships, and it means that the answer you seek is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Cancer
Key dates: July 2 to July 11
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








