






Five of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Five of Pentacles
Emotional or Financial troubles · Inadequacy · Poverty · Scarcity · Worry


 Five of Pentacles Tarot card



Five of Pentacles's Meaning
The V of Pentacles can, depending on the rest of your spread, refer to financial matters, employment, or relationships. Unfortunately, it is a negative indicator for all of them, suggesting duplicity, loss of jobs, and the possibility of infidelity. This is a time for you to carefully evaluate what matters in your life and work out your priorities, such as whether your job or your relationship matters most. In order to mitigate the damage in some areas of your life, you may have to let some of the other fall away. 


Past
A recent emotional or financial loss is weighing heavily upon you. Do not let your pride lead you away from the assistance of others.
Present
The hardship you face will be overcome, so do not give in to the feelings of inadequacy or insecurity that it has cause you.
Future
Your future holds a necessary change for you in order to find happiness and security. This change may be in direction or motivation, but it will show you that all struggles can be overcome.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Five of Pentacles indicates the coming of financial or emotional troubles or a period of bad luck. Worry, poverty, and setbacks are all associated with this card. These things could be due to a lack of belief or possibly losing your faith. The overall tone of this card is negative. The answer you are after is no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Taurus
Key dates: April 21 to April 30
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








