






Page of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Page of Swords
Aggressive · Challenging · Change · Intelligent · Vigilant


 Page of Swords Tarot card



Page of Swords's Meaning
Your personality may trend towards the stubborn and opinionated, if the Page represents you in the spread, but it is also indicative of strong analytical skills and an energetic nature. You have a predilection towards identifying the core of issues and accurately assessing your own stance on them. This will allow you to become an excellent negotiator. If the card refer to a situation, instead, prepare yourself to make many important decisions quickly. Trust in your reason and your judgment to navigate these difficulties. 


Past
The abilities that lay dormant within you are being brought to the surface. The events of your past are leading you to activity, and the time to carve out your own path is at hand.
Present
There is unexpected news on its way. In order to benefit from the changes coming, you must rely on your intelligence and ability to adapt.
Future
There is a deep desire for change that is making you irritable and agitated. Seeking true independence of mind will lead you to a clearer perception of your motivation and others'.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Page of Swords is an intelligent, logical, and vigilant youth who brings along some sort of official news of change. While the changes could prove to be challenging, this card shows pretences of mental clarity and inner demons being settled and ridden from your life. The most likely answer here is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 No astrological attribution
Key dates: Autumn
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








