






Queen of Cups Tarot Car Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Queen of Cups
Intuitive · Mature, Sensitive Woman · Spouse · Virtuous · Wise


 Queen of Cups Tarot card



Queen of Cups's Meaning
Sensitivity and an affectionate nature are traditionally associated with the Queen of Cups, who is the emotionally open balance to the King. Despite her open nature, you will still find her influence to be largely passive. Particularly for men, her presence is a reminder to stay in touch with the emotional aspects of their character. You should take her presence a gentle hand seeking to show you the power of your own inner aspects, whose power may be obscured by their quiet nature. 


Past
You have achieved self-awareness by balancing all aspects of your personality. The success you desire is not here yet, but will arrive if you continue to deepen your inner knowledge.
Present
Possibilities to your life will be revealed by the influence of a powerful woman. She may challenge or inspire you, but whatever she does will lead you to valuable insight.
Future
Seek assistance or advice from your loved ones, looking especially to the feminine wisdom around you. Your journey will be determined by your emotional considerations, regardless of your professional success.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Queen of Cups is a sensitive, quite, and virtuous woman who represents seeking and channelling a transformation within. She suggests a person who is a good listener and a loving counselor. Like her counterpart, the King of Cups, her presence is neither positive nor negative, and she brings an unclear answer to your question.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Gemini & Cancer
Key dates: June 11 to July 11
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








