






Ten of Cups Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Ten of Cups
Abundance · Achievement · Commitment · Family · Happiness


 Ten of Cups Tarot card



Ten of Cups's Meaning
You can expect to attain some long goal if you find the X of Cups in your spread. This card is, like the rest of the Cups, imbued with emotional undertones. It may signal the mending of bridges between friends or family members you were once close to, if there has been a rift. You may also find that it symbolizes your own inner emotional turmoil being resolved. In reference to marriage it is usually indicative of lasting emotional bonds.


Past
By taking confidence in your direction and following your deepest convictions, you have been propelled forward. This commitment and your comfort with authority have allowed room for recognition and success to manifest in your life.
Present
A new undertaking is about to begin for you. This task, event, or journey will bring about the beginning of a long lasting friendship. Do not miss this opportunity.
Future
The potential for financial success may present itself through some aspect of property ownership. Either find domestic happiness or gain prestige in public work. Despite the difficulty, balancing both at once is possible.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Ten of Cups represents perfect harmony, abundance, and happiness. It suggests perhaps personal or family dreams coming true and an overall sense of satisfaction and security in life. Positive achievements and emotional stability ahead of you, the answer you seek is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Pisces
Key dates: March 11 to March 20
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








