






Nine of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Nine of Swords
Accidents · Paranoia · Depression · Grief · Mental anguish


 Nine of Swords Tarot card



Nine of Swords's Meaning
One of the more negative card to discover in your spread, the IX of Swords foretells or describes a powerful mental anguish. The source of this anguish may well be within you, arising from you being too quick to cast a negative light on your actions or abilities. It may also arise from paranoia. Despite often being unfounded, your pain can take the form of sleeplessness, of fear, depression, loneliness and isolation. Beware pushing away those who are seeking to help you, and find the courage to reach out for help. Even if these feelings are based in reality, it may be difficult for you to clearly find a solution in your current state. Carefully consider the other cards in your spread, look for card associated with potential sources of aid and counsel. 


Past
You may be feeling unfulfilled and suffer from feelings of repression and stifled creative energy. Do not miss out on the present moment because of your stubborn disapproval of the past.
Present
The difficulty you have shouldered will soon be lifted from you. Your feelings of depression and mental distress must be dealt with.
Future
The standards you have set for yourself may be unreasonable and steer you towards self-loathing and disappointment. You must be able to forgive yourself and others in order to move past your negative feelings.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Nine of Swords is symbolic of worry, grief, and anxiety. It could mean a period of mental anguish, some sort of horrible accident, or many sleepless nights to come. A turn for the worse could be ahead of you, and you should beware of depression and thoughts of self-harm. No is the answer provided here.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Gemini
Key dates: June 1 to June 10
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








