






Knight of Cups Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Knight of Cups
Arrival · Creative · Invitation · New opportunities · Proposal


 Knight of Cups Tarot card



Knight of Cups's Meaning
The Knight of Cups encourages you to remember that victory is not just an exercise in strength of arms, but can be achieved through cleverness and a savvy mind. He can also be given to flights of wild fancy, though, so you may also interpret him as a warning to maintain your focus. New initiatives in your life are likely on their way, and you must remember to seek novel paths to accomplish goals, but also not lose sight of where you are going.


Past
Your strengths have been your intellectual capacity and self-determined will power. Being caught slightly off-guard by the new directions and ideas of others is natural to your unique perspective.
Present
An important offer or invitation will arrive suddenly and unexpectedly. 
Future
Staying focused and following your most passionate beliefs will lead to progress towards your goals. You will find peace in deep, meaningful connections with others.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Knight of Cups is a romantic and compassionate dreamer bringing along new opportunities or some sort of positive invitation. He represents self acceptance and an arrival to finding the proper path for your life. The answer you are looking for is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Aquarius & Pisces
Key dates: February 9 to March 10
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








