






Nine of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Nine of Pentacles
Abundance · Financial security · Opulence · Prosperous · Wealth


 Nine of Pentacles Tarot card



Nine of Pentacles's Meaning
The IX of Pentacles represents significant financial reward, but one borne of hard work and careful planning on your part; a just reward for prudent actions. It may also indicate that a time of hardship for you is ending and a counter-balancing time of pleasant living is at hand. On a less positive note, it also indicates a solitary individual, so you may still be searching for companionship, and lack people to with whom share your gains.


Past
The pleasure you have experienced was earned by your achievements. Though the rewards of a recent project are not yet obvious, you will receive abundantly for your work.
Present
The solution you have been seeking will arrive and relieve you of the stress associated with your problem. 
Future
There are new challenges waiting for you to dispel your feelings of dissatisfaction. The void you are experiencing will not be remedied by the challenges, but the rewards will help you be content.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Nine of Pentacles stands for wealth and financial security. It could mean finally being rewarded for all of your efforts in business or important projects in your life. The presence of this card could mean financial and/or personal independence for you. The answer you seek is more than likely yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Virgo
Key dates: September 2 to September 11
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








