






Two of Wands Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Two of Wands
Achievement · Anxiety · Gain · Goals · Partnership


 Two of Wands Tarot card



Two of Wands's Meaning
The II of Wands suggests the formation of partnerships in your immediate future, or the success of already existing joint ventures. You will likely find yourself in a position to reap the rewards of these partnerships, in the form of financial gain or promotion. One the same count, the rewards indicated are those fairly due to you, so this is better news for those in equitable partnerships than those who seek to profit at the expense of others. The presence of this card may also point to underlying insecurity or worry on your part. These feelings may be justified or not, based on the rest of the spread.


Past
The research, development, and constant application of your skills has led you to progress in life. If you intend to arrive at your intended destination, continue to look ahead and plan.
Present
A generous offer for help is coming. With analysis and development of your ambitions, this influence will help you attain fulfillment.
Future
Reflection and self-awareness will lead you to success. Trust your intuition, but also be open to help from others.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Two of Wands shows being in control and experiencing gains in your life on one hand. On the other, it brings with it great anxiety and the possibility of losing the control that you once had. The dynamism projected through this card does not provide a clear answer. Maybe is what it suggests.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Aries
Key dates: March 21 to March 30
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








