






Page of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Page of Pentacles
Attentive · Motivated · Scholarship · Skillful · Studious


 Page of Pentacles Tarot card



Page of Pentacles's Meaning
The Page is always an intellectual card, and the suit of Pentacles is traditionally associated with introspection and conscientiousness, which may form the basis of your own personality. When acting as a portent, the Page brings good tidings for you or young people close to you, likely in academic or financial fields. 


Past
The ambitions and idealism of your past will bring success from your newest ideas. You are in the process of developing a new hobby or occupation.
Present
There is news coming that portends the arrival of change. Although not immediate, prepare to evaluate the risks and rewards of new ventures.
Future
You will gain insight into your future if you remain attentive and studious of the signs around you. Everything you need to know is available now if you take the time to understand it for later.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Page of Pentacles represents a skillful, attentive, and studious youth who is both self-disciplined as well as a go-getter. He could indicate some sort of promotion or acquiring a new, enjoyable hobby in the near future. The overall mood of this card is positive and suggests that the answer is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 No astrological attribution
Key dates: Winter
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








