






Two of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Two of Swords
Balance · Conflict resolution · Decisions · Peace of mind · Prejudice


 Two of Swords Tarot card



Two of Swords's Meaning
Like crossed blades, the II of Swords represents a balance of forces. Not necessarily an absence of struggle, but an equal distribution of force in opposition. It may indicate you are in a position to mediate a conflict, or it may instead suggest you are caught in the middle of a dilemma with no clear outcome. The resolution of this state will likely bring peace for you. 


Past
Being honest about your past will help you to make a difficult choice. The conflict that you have been experiencing will be resolved by a new approach.
Present
There is a conflict that will lock up your energies in the effort to resolve it. By overcoming indecision, you will take deliberate action to decide the resolution.
Future
The difficult situations that lay ahead of you must be overcome immediately, so do not delay or hesitate. Bring about the best possible ending by acting honestly and with honourable intentions.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Two of Swords symbolizes conflict resolution and decisions that must be made. However, the conclusions are likely through seeking inner peace and coming to a compromise. While this card suggests a general peace of mine, it leans neither toward yes or no. Thus maybe is the answer.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Libra
Key dates: September 23 to October 2
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








