






Ten of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Ten of Swords
End · Failure · Mortality · New hope · Ruin


 Ten of Swords Tarot card



Ten of Swords's Meaning
The X of Swords is a cause for fear in any who believe in the power of the cards, and you should prepare yourself for whatever it portends. It is one of many cards which can represent disaster, but, alone among them, it is a disaster which cannot be avoided. It foretells not only a complete failure but an unavoidable one. What is more, the failure will not be small or easily overcome. This is not a fortune to be changed or avoided, only endured: If you stay strong, new dreams can be built from the ashes.


Past
By coming to terms with a sometimes bitter reality, you are learning that moving forward is the most important aspect of healing.
Present
The end of something important is about to occur, so be prepared to deal with the consequences. Nothing in life is permanent.
Future
Assess the direction you are headed. Beware following the opinions of other's, as this may lead you aware from your own truth. Seeing the world through pragmatic eyes will balance your optimism.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Ten of Swords shows a sudden ending or a negative outcome in some endeavour in your life. It could mean failure, ruin, or mortality accompanied by depression and feelings of being broken and crushed by the weight of the world. Harsh and negative, this card says no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Gemini
Key dates: June 11 to June 20
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








