






The Heirophant (Pope) Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










The Hierophant (Pope)
Approval · Conformity · Consent · Good advice · Marriage or Union


 The Hierophant (Pope) Tarot card



The Hierophant (Pope)'s Meaning
Depending on your own nature, the Hierophant can mean very different things. At its root, it represents doctrine, but doctrine can come in the form of teaching and guidance or rigid authority. Where it appears in your spread is also important, as it is most often indicative of your own approach to the moral, religious, and social conventions of the world. Considered wisely, it helps show the path towards fulfillment. 


Past
There is value in an ambition from your past. Look to a strength that you may have neglected. 
Present
The opportunity for work or study under a superior is approaching. If the others around you are capable of being wrong, so are you.
Future
Look to the support of a solid organization or structured principles to achieve success. Your actions should be motivated beyond selfish reasons, or there will be little reward for them.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Hierophant is a symbol of education and tradition. This card suggests seeking spiritual guidance or advice in your life. Also indicative of conformity and religious approval, this card has neither a positive or negative connotation. The only answer is maybe.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Taurus
Key dates: April 21 to May 20
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








