






Eight of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Eight of Swords
Constraint · Disillusioned · Frustration · Obstacles · Restrictions


 Eight of Swords Tarot card



Eight of Swords's Meaning
Some things in life are beyond your control, and the VIII of Swords suggests that you are being actively held back by some of them. This can something as personal as a bad boss or as sweeping as international politics. In any case, you are likely finding your options restricted at every turn, and may being experiencing rising frustration and anxiety. Your best course of action lies with the only thing you can control: You. Approach this situation with patience, and be ready to move when the situation changes.


Past
The desire to avoid confrontation stems from your aversion to causing others pain. This is an admirable trait, but may prevent you from acting on your best interests.
Present
The obstacles before you will only be overcome by your courage and patience. The demands of others are locking you up and restricting you from growing.
Future
Do not fear using your own judgment to determine the path for yourself. If you ignore your feelings and believe others over yourself, you will miss the importance chances to change your life.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Eight of Swords is a card showing the presence of obstructions and difficult obstacles. It shows a fear of failure as well as sheer bad luck. The frustration and constraint overriding the tone of this card points toward an answer of no to the question you are asking.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Gemini
Key dates: May 21 to May 31
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








