






The Chariot Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










The Chariot
Journey · Progression · Strong character · Success from effort · Transportation and movement


 The Chariot Tarot card



The Chariot's Meaning
You have some hard work ahead of you. It may be resolved quickly, but the Chariot is a powerful card, and the labor you are undertaking will probably trend towards long and difficult. You will quite possibly experience rough roads, long uphill slopes, dead ends, and painful setbacks. A good outcome is only assured if the card is upright, but do not let yourself lose hope: This hard road will instil in you a strength of purpose, the ability to overcome through organization and endurance, and the confidence possessed only by those who have done what they thought they could not. Harnessed correctly, few forces can stand against an individual like that. 


Past
Your character has been tested by the tendency to protect your own interests and ego. The struggle has strengthened you and recent events have given you a chance to accomplish your victory.
Present
Good news is coming and you will better the opposition in a decisive victory.
Future
Continue your struggle and the end you seek will be achieved. Honor, acclaim, and recognition are all possible outcomes for you if you do not quit.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Chariot reveals some sort of journey. With a positive connotation, this journey will most likely be a progression of some sort. It could also be the final success you have been working for. The confidence, direction, and victory shown through this card indicate that the answer is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Cancer
Key dates: June 21 to July 21
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








