






The World Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










The World
Certainty · Completion · Positive · Reward · Satisfaction


 The World Tarot card



The World's Meaning
The World is an indicator of a major and inexorable change, of tectonic breadth. This change represents a chance for you to bring about a desirable end to the Old and a good beginning to the New. It is indicative of growing maturity, a sense of inner balance and deeper understanding. It suggests that you may be approaching a more final sense of identity, and the security in the self that comes with age. It also represents the falling away of boundaries, sometimes in the effusive sense of the spiritual, but sometimes in a purely physical sense, indicating travels or journeys in the future. 


Past
The path you are on will eventually bring you full circle. It may take a while to realize this, but the journey will allow you to accept new responsibilities and points of view.
Present
The present moment will bring you the fulfillment of a wish or a long desired change in scenery. To find satisfaction, you must accept the ideas of others to be equally valid as your own.
Future
You must find your purpose to accomplish it. The same with dreams; you must first be aware of it to make it exist. There is no guarantee for success but the experience you gain will have the potential to fulfill your desires.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The World card means satisfaction and success at a journey's end. Fulfillment, rewards, certainty, and positive outcomes are all things directly associated with the presence of this card. The answer more than likely is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Saturn
No key dates: ruled by Saturn
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








