






Knight of Swords Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Knight of Swords
Conflict · Destruction · Domineering · Loss · Unexpected


 Knight of Swords Tarot card



Knight of Swords's Meaning
If you or someone close to you is represented by the Knight of Swords, beware. It is symbolic of a forceful personality, one which combines zealous dedication to success with razor-sharp intellect. However, whether in the form of a companion or your own inner nature, these same attributes can give rise to a formidable enemy. When it refers instead to your circumstances, the Knight suggests you are headed for turbulent times, which can be most successfully faced with decisive action on your part. 


Past
The desire for change has been strengthening inside of you. Plan your future objectives but keep them to yourself.
Present
You gain the attention of a young upstart. A problem will be solved through the help you receive, but be prepared to deal with a new one.
Future
Your life's compass may be suddenly realigned by a drastic change in perspective. Look to your friends and loved ones for encouragement.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Knight of Swords is domineering and destructive. He represents taking control of a project or situation but in a ruthless manner. This card portends unexpected loss, conflict, and a need to establish your own ideas and beliefs. The negative tone of this card suggests an answer of no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Taurus & Gemini
Key dates: May 11 to June 10
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








