






Knight of Wands Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Knight of Wands
Challenging · Determination · Foreign travel · Leader · Unpredictability


 Knight of Wands Tarot card



Knight of Wands's Meaning
The Knight of Wands is a maverick's card, and it may be associated with you if you are given to spontaneity, shifting your positions quickly. This may lead some to see you as capricious, but most will enjoy your energy. This card can also signify change for you, likely in the form of travel, or a change in your environment. Be aware, it may well come on you suddenly! 


Past
The root of your recent desires for change is your curiousity and intuition. The conflicts you have faced at work have influenced the outcome of events around you.
Present
A spontaneous decision will lead you to make a long journey or a permanent relocation. Your desire will be achieved in an unexpected way.
Future
There are new challenges approaching, based on a hasty decision. It may or may not have been your choice, but if overcome, the challenges will lead you to happiness and a fulfilling life.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Knight of Wands is an ambitious, energetic, and determided leader. Although there are challenges associated with this card, embracing them as something positive to come is suggested. Even though the changes are unpredictable, believing in yourself and having courage is best. Your answer is yes.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Scorpio & Sagittarius
Key dates: November 13 to December 12
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








