






Ten of Wands Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Ten of Wands
Burdens · Challenges · Intense pressure · Oppression · Overcommitment


 Ten of Wands Tarot card



Ten of Wands's Meaning
If the X of Wands appears in your spread, you are likely working too hard, or taking on more burdens than you should. It can indicate both excessive workloads in pursuit of your goals, or as a result of attaining them.


Past
The strength that you've developed over years of struggle will lead you to the solution of your current problem. The negativity you have recently let go of will allow you to form a new philosophy.
Present
Bear down and see the challenge through to the end. If you have been disconnected from someone close to you, expect an opportunity to reconnect.
Future
By focusing your energy in one direction and consolidating your efforts, success will be easier to achieve. You will have the chance to achieve your desires, but you must first reach your lofty goals.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Ten of Wands is a card highly associated with feeling an intense pressure and being over burdened in some area of your life. Other possible things suggested by this card are feelings of being trapped, opressed, or having no control over your circumstances. With an overall negative tone, the answer is no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Sagittarius
Key dates: December 13 to December 21
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








