






Seven of Cups Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Seven of Cups
Confusion · Dreams and ambitions · Speculating · Decision · Temptation


 Seven of Cups Tarot card



Seven of Cups's Meaning
This card speaks strongly to your inner self. It is trying to tell you something about your unconscious or the realms of your imagination. Your hopes, dreams, and unrealized aspirations are all fair game to the VII of Cups. It speaks of a deep confusion, or a lack of understanding of your true motivations by your conscious mind. It is time to look carefully at your own motivations and reexamine your goals, but it is also a risky time to act upon your conclusions.


Past
You have lost a lot of time chasing the many conflicting interests in your life. Do not be misled by daydreams and fantasies; pick a practical goal and start working.
Present
You will receive a surprising reward for your usual mental and creative activities.
Future
The inability to decide will slow your progress. Being open to change will help, but also a constant effort to determine what is true will keep you moving forward. Be honest with yourself.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Seven of Cups symbolizes confusing decisions, wishful thinking, and temptation due to a lack of morality. Delusional ambitions and poor choices are associated with this card. It brings a definite feeling of pessimism and negativity. The answer is no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Scorpio
Key dates: November 13 to November 22
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








