






Seven of Pentacles Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










Seven of Pentacles
Business & Trade · Long-term success · Occupation · Perseverance · Wealth


 Seven of Pentacles Tarot card



Seven of Pentacles's Meaning
A balanced card by nature the VII suggest you will avoid failure, but fall short of runaway success in an endeavour. Or, equally possible, that you will achieve your goals, but not in the time frame you had hoped for. You will face setbacks, and in order to succeed you will need to take care to avoid becoming too hesitant or timid. Progress may be slow or difficult, but it is possible.


Past
The delays in your projects have been affecting you, but do not lose hope. Your perseverance will lead you to success.
Present
The long period of hard work you are currently in will bring you much personal growth and achievement. 
Future
Your path will be long, but the rewards will be great if you can continue without losing determination or vigour.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Seven of Pentacles represents perseverance in your occupation or business. It is associated with success but through slow, steady growth. It suggests that you will have to wait a long time for your reward and that perhaps your are not working at your full potential. There is no clear answer here.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Taurus
Key dates: May 11 to May 20
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








