






King of Cups Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










King of Cups
Compassionate · Good advice / Helpful · Integrity · Mature, Authoritative Man · Spouse


 King of Cups Tarot card



King of Cups's Meaning
The King of Cups is the worldly and calm projection of authority. Find him in your spread is most likely a reference to someone else who will aid you in achieving your goals. This person may seem unconcerned, even distant, but their motivations are pure. Whatever advice they give will be important to you and should be considered in your own deliberations. If it does refer to you, personally, it shows an inner strength and tightly disciplined control of emotions.


Past
A concern from your past will revisit you. If you have been in need of help, it may be a good idea to seek professional guidance.
Present
Someone who is greatly capable of aiding you will appear in your life. Take their advice and do not hesitate to seek support.
Future
In order to bring about a state of peacefulness, seek advice. You will not find balance on your own, so seek out a powerful ally to guide you.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The King of Cups is a compassionate, warm, and gentle voice of reason. He is an authoritative man with strong intuition and vast spiritual knowledge. This card represents being able to make decisions by channelling experiences and being able to give good/helpful advise. Neither positive nor negative in nature, the answer is unclear.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
  Libra & Scorpio
Key dates: October 13 to November 22
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








