






The Tower Tarot Card Meaning
















Free Tarot Reading




Menu 

Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App


Live Tarot Reading


Log in 










The Tower
Destruction · Dramatic change · Loss and ruin · New start · Unexpected events


 The Tower Tarot card



The Tower's Meaning
Dark and foreboding, the Tower is the embodiment of disruption and conflict. Not just change, but the abrupt and jarring movement caused by the unforeseen and traumatic events which are part of life. The Tower in your spread is always a threat, but life inevitably involves tragedy, and you must decide whether you will face it with grace.


Past
To make room for the new, the old must be destroyed. The ambitions that you have been following are built on weak foundations and offer false rewards.
Present
A conflict is coming to a head in your life. Relationships will need to be reevaluated and restructured in order to maintain.
Future
By withstanding the coming challenges, your future will be bright. Seein things as you want them to be in order to make them become that way. Knowing the worst is behind you can give strength.
Yes / No Key Interpretation
The Tower is all about unexpected events and changes coming up in your life. However, the changes are along the lines of something catastrophic, disasterous, and overall negative. It could be related to some sort of accident, disaster, or damage to another area of your life. The answer provided by this card is no.
Key Dates, Timing, and Astrology.
 Mars
No key dates: ruled by Mars
 Free Tarot Reading






Copyright ©2010 - 2023. All Rights Reserved. Trusted Tarot® is a registered trademark. All information provided by TrustedTarot.com is for entertainment purposes only. If you have serious problems, speak to a professional. This site uses cookies, and by using it you agree to the full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please read them!

Trusted Tarot is rated  4.9 out of 5 stars, based on 66,587 reviews!








